prov_001	Charlotte Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Strength-based
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: AL
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_002	Aiden White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: AL
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.white@amsconnects.example
prov_003	Emily White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Veteran, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: AL
  Insurance: BCBS, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.white@amsconnects.example
prov_004	Daniel Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: AL
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_005	Harper Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Veteran
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: AK
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_006	Aiden Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: AK
  Insurance: Cigna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_007	Amelia Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Parent, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: AK
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_008	Aiden Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Former teacher
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: AK
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_009	Emily Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: AZ
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_010	Aiden Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: AZ
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_011	Harper Harris (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Strength-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: AZ
  Insurance: Medicaid, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_012	Liam Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: AZ
  Insurance: United Healthcare, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_013	Isabella Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Veteran, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: AR
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_014	Mason Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: AR
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_015	Isabella White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: AR
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.white@amsconnects.example
prov_016	Daniel Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: AR
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_017	Olivia Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: CA
  Insurance: Aetna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_018	Logan Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Parent, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: CA
  Insurance: BCBS, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_019	Charlotte Harris (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Former teacher, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: CA
  Insurance: Aetna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_020	James Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: CA
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: james.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_021	Charlotte Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: CO
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_022	Elijah Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: CO
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_023	Sophia Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: CO
  Insurance: Aetna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_024	Aiden Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Parent, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: CO
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_025	Emma Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: CT
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_026	Elijah Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: CT
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_027	Mia Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Strength-based
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: CT
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_028	Noah White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: CT
  Insurance: Humana, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.white@amsconnects.example
prov_029	Emma Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Veteran, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: DE
  Insurance: Aetna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_030	Lucas Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Veteran, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: DE
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_031	Sophia Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Holistic
  Lived experience: Parent, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: DE
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_032	Aiden Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: DE
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_033	Olivia Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Parent, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: FL
  Insurance: BCBS, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_034	Liam Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Holistic
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: FL
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_035	Amelia Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: FL
  Insurance: Humana, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_036	James Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: FL
  Insurance: Aetna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: james.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_037	Harper White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: GA
  Insurance: Humana, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.white@amsconnects.example
prov_038	Logan Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: GA
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_039	Emma Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Parent, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: GA
  Insurance: Cigna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_040	Elijah Harris (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: GA
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_041	Sophia Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Parent
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: HI
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_042	Aiden Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: HI
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_043	Ava Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: HI
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_044	Noah Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: HI
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_045	Charlotte Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: ID
  Insurance: Aetna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_046	Liam Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: ID
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_047	Ava Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Former teacher
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: ID
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_048	Liam Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: ID
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_049	Sophia Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Parent, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IL
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_050	Logan Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IL
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_051	Harper Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Veteran, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IL
  Insurance: Cigna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_052	Daniel Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Parent, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IL
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_053	Olivia Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Veteran, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: IN
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_054	Lucas Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Former teacher, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IN
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_055	Isabella Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Strength-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: IN
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_056	Liam Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Veteran, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IN
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_057	Amelia Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Holistic
  Lived experience: Parent, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IA
  Insurance: Humana, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_058	Ethan Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IA
  Insurance: Medicaid, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_059	Harper Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: IA
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_060	Aiden White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: IA
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.white@amsconnects.example
prov_061	Sophia Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Holistic
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: KS
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_062	James Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Veteran, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: KS
  Insurance: Aetna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: james.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_063	Harper Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Veteran
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: KS
  Insurance: Aetna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_064	Liam Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Veteran, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: KS
  Insurance: Humana, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_065	Charlotte White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Veteran, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: KY
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.white@amsconnects.example
prov_066	Aiden White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Former teacher, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: KY
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.white@amsconnects.example
prov_067	Amelia Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: KY
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_068	Mason Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Veteran, Parent
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: KY
  Insurance: Humana, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_069	Charlotte Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: LA
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_070	Aiden Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: LA
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_071	Emily Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: LA
  Insurance: BCBS, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_072	Elijah Harris (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Parent, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: LA
  Insurance: Aetna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_073	Charlotte Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: ME
  Insurance: Humana, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_074	Ethan Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: ME
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_075	Isabella White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: ME
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.white@amsconnects.example
prov_076	Lucas Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Veteran, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: ME
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_077	Emma Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MD
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_078	Mason Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Holistic
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MD
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_079	Isabella Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MD
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_080	Noah Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MD
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_081	Ava Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Parent, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: MA
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_082	Mason Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MA
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_083	Amelia Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Holistic
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: MA
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_084	Lucas Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MA
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_085	Amelia Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MI
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_086	Noah Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MI
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_087	Isabella Harris (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MI
  Insurance: United Healthcare, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_088	Noah Harris (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: MI
  Insurance: Aetna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_089	Sophia Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: MN
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_090	Liam Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MN
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_091	Harper Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: MN
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_092	Logan Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Holistic
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Veteran
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: MN
  Insurance: Humana, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_093	Harper Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Former teacher, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: MS
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_094	Ethan Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Parent, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MS
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_095	Amelia White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Veteran, Former teacher
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: MS
  Insurance: Aetna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.white@amsconnects.example
prov_096	Mason Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MS
  Insurance: Aetna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_097	Isabella Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: MO
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_098	Mason Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: MO
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_099	Amelia Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: MO
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_100	Liam Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: MO
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_101	Harper White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Parent, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: MT
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.white@amsconnects.example
prov_102	Elijah Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MT
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_103	Harper White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: MT
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.white@amsconnects.example
prov_104	Elijah Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: MT
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_105	Emily Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: NE
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_106	Mason Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Parent, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: NE
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_107	Olivia Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: NE
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_108	Liam Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: NE
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_109	Ava Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Former teacher, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: NV
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_110	Ethan Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NV
  Insurance: Aetna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_111	Amelia Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Former teacher, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: NV
  Insurance: Humana, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: amelia.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_112	Noah Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: NV
  Insurance: BCBS, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_113	Mia Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Veteran, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NH
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_114	Elijah White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NH
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.white@amsconnects.example
prov_115	Olivia Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: NH
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_116	Lucas Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Holistic
  Lived experience: Parent, Veteran
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: NH
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_117	Ava Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: NJ
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_118	James Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Veteran, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NJ
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: james.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_119	Sophia Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: NJ
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_120	Aiden Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: NJ
  Insurance: BCBS, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_121	Mia Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NM
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_122	Logan Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NM
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_123	Ava Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NM
  Insurance: Aetna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_124	Liam Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NM
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_125	Charlotte Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Veteran
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: NY
  Insurance: Humana, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_126	Lucas Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Veteran, Former teacher
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: NY
  Insurance: Cigna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_127	Ava Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NY
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_128	Lucas Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: NY
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_129	Ava Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: NC
  Insurance: Humana, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_130	Noah Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Parent, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NC
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_131	Emma Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: NC
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_132	Ethan White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Parent, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: NC
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.white@amsconnects.example
prov_133	Harper Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: ND
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_134	Daniel Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: ND
  Insurance: Aetna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_135	Harper Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: ND
  Insurance: Cigna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_136	Logan Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: ND
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_137	Isabella Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OH
  Insurance: Cigna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_138	Mason Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Veteran
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: OH
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_139	Mia Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Parent, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OH
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_140	Ethan Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OH
  Insurance: Medicaid, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_141	Harper White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: OK
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.white@amsconnects.example
prov_142	Ethan Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OK
  Insurance: Aetna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_143	Emily Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: OK
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_144	Daniel Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OK
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_145	Olivia Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: OR
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_146	Ethan Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: OR
  Insurance: Cigna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_147	Ava Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OR
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_148	Mason Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: OR
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_149	Emma Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Veteran, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: PA
  Insurance: Medicaid, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_150	Daniel Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: PA
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_151	Isabella Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Parent
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: PA
  Insurance: Cigna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_152	Liam Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: PA
  Insurance: Aetna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_153	Isabella Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: RI
  Insurance: Cigna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_154	James Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Holistic
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: RI
  Insurance: Medicaid, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: james.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_155	Ava Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: RI
  Insurance: BCBS, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_156	James White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Former teacher
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: RI
  Insurance: BCBS, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: james.white@amsconnects.example
prov_157	Isabella Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: SC
  Insurance: Aetna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: isabella.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_158	James Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Holistic, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: SC
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: james.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_159	Ava Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: SC
  Insurance: BCBS, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_160	Logan Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: SC
  Insurance: Cigna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_161	Sophia Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: SD
  Insurance: Cigna, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_162	Noah Smith (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: SD
  Insurance: United Healthcare, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: noah.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_163	Olivia Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: SD
  Insurance: Humana, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_164	Elijah Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: SD
  Insurance: Aetna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: elijah.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_165	Emma White (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Strength-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English, Arabic
  Licensed states: TN
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.white@amsconnects.example

prov_166	Logan Brown (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Holistic
  Lived experience: Parent, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, ASL
  Licensed states: TN
  Insurance: Medicaid, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_167	Mia Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: TN
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_168	Logan Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, First-generation college student
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: TN
  Insurance: Cigna, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_169	Mia Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: CBT-focused, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: TX
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_170	Logan Martin (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: TX
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: logan.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_171	Mia Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Holistic
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: TX
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_172	Aiden Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, German
  Licensed states: TX
  Insurance: Aetna, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_173	Emma Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: UT
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_174	Daniel Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: UT
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_175	Emily Johnson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Veteran, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: UT
  Insurance: BCBS, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_176	James Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: UT
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: james.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_177	Ava Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: VT
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: ava.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_178	James Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: VT
  Insurance: Medicaid, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: james.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_179	Mia Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Parent, Former teacher
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: VT
  Insurance: BCBS, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_180	Lucas Taylor (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Veteran, Immigrant background
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: VT
  Insurance: United Healthcare, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: lucas.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_181	Sophia Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English, Spanish
  Licensed states: VA
  Insurance: Aetna, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_182	Daniel Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Strength-based
  Lived experience: LGBTQ+ affirming, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: VA
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: daniel.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_183	Emma Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: VA
  Insurance: Humana, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: emma.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_184	Liam White (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Veteran
  Languages: English, Portuguese
  Licensed states: VA
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.white@amsconnects.example
prov_185	Sophia Harris (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, First-generation college student
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WA
  Insurance: Medicaid, Cigna, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.harris@amsconnects.example
prov_186	James Taylor (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Direct, Goal-oriented, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: Veteran, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WA
  Insurance: BCBS, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: james.taylor@amsconnects.example
prov_187	Olivia Martin (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Rural healthcare advocate
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WA
  Insurance: United Healthcare, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: olivia.martin@amsconnects.example
prov_188	Ethan Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: CBT-focused, Strength-based
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English, Hindi
  Licensed states: WA
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: ethan.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_189	Harper Anderson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WV
  Insurance: Cigna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: harper.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_190	Mason Johnson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WV
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: mason.johnson@amsconnects.example
prov_191	Mia Anderson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Mindfulness-based
  Lived experience: Parent, LGBTQ+ affirming
  Languages: English, Mandarin
  Licensed states: WV
  Insurance: BCBS, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: mia.anderson@amsconnects.example
prov_192	Aiden Brown (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Mindfulness-based, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Parent, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WV
  Insurance: Humana, United Healthcare, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.brown@amsconnects.example
prov_193	Charlotte Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Holistic
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Experienced grief/loss
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WI
  Insurance: Aetna, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: charlotte.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_194	Aiden Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WI
  Insurance: United Healthcare, Medicaid, Cash Pay
  Email: aiden.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_195	Sophia Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Trauma-informed, Strength-based
  Lived experience: Rural healthcare advocate, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WI
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_196	Liam Thomas (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Holistic, Trauma-informed
  Lived experience: Experienced grief/loss, Parent
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WI
  Insurance: Humana, BCBS, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_197	Sophia Jackson (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Strength-based, Compassionate listening
  Lived experience: Immigrant background, Veteran
  Languages: English, French
  Licensed states: WY
  Insurance: Medicaid, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: sophia.jackson@amsconnects.example
prov_198	James Thomas (LMFT) — Therapy
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Direct, Goal-oriented
  Lived experience: Parent, Former teacher
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WY
  Insurance: Cigna, Humana, Cash Pay
  Email: james.thomas@amsconnects.example
prov_199	Emily Smith (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Compassionate listening, Motivational interviewing
  Lived experience: First-generation college student, Veteran
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WY
  Insurance: Medicaid, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: emily.smith@amsconnects.example
prov_200	Liam Jackson (PMHNP) — Psychiatry
  Styles: Motivational interviewing, CBT-focused
  Lived experience: Former teacher, Immigrant background
  Languages: English
  Licensed states: WY
  Insurance: Humana, Aetna, Cash Pay
  Email: liam.jackson@amsconnects.example
